docs: add sc docs (#4183)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/include/network.en.md

<a id="network" href="#network" class="field">`network`</a> <span class="type">Map</span>      
The `network` section contains parameters for connecting to AWS resources in a VPC.

<span class="parent-field">network.</span><a id="network-connect" href="#network-connect" class="field">`connect`</a> <span class="type">Bool or Map</span>    

> Enable [Service Connect](../developing/internal-traffic.en.md#service-connect) for your service, which makes the traffic between services load balanced and more resilient. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Can we explain the default alias value when the value is set to `true`?

> Enable [Service Connect](../developing/internal-traffic.en.md#service-connect) for your service, which makes the traffic between services load balanced and more resilient. The default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable [Service Connect](../developing/internal-traffic.en.md#service-connect) for your service, which makes the traffic between services load balanced and more resilient. Defaults to `false`.
```

also might be nice to have a link to ECS docs here (might not be possible currently)

Author: yeah we can add later.

> When using it as a map, you can specify which alias to use for this service. Note that the alias must be unique within the environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using it as a map, you can specify which alias to use for this service. Note that the alias must be unique within the environment and VPC.
```

Author: strictly environment and has nothing to do with VPC because it is unique in a namespace.

<span class="parent-field">network.</span><a id="network-connect-alias" href="#network-connect-alias" class="field">`alias`</a> <span class="type">String</span>  

> A custom DNS name for your Service Connect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A custom DNS name for this service exposed to Service Connect.
```

> A custom DNS name for this service exposed to Service Connect.

Reviewer: Can we show an example that folks would want to use here?

Author: We have the example in `../developing/internal-traffic.en.md#service-connect`. we probably don't need an example if we've already had a section explaining how it works.
